README.md, before:

# WP-Advanced-Recent-Posts
WordPress plugin that shows the recent posts in the widget and in other parts of the your posts or theme code.
License: GPLv2 or later

# Changelog

## 0.2
* Add one more widget  - widget with small thumbnails
* Add frontend for shortcode, only 4 styles:
  * Basic layout
  * Fluid images with dark/light overlay
  * Small thumbnails
  * Recent posts without thumbnails, with date as drop cap
* PHP and CSS code refactoring

## 0.1
Initial release - only widget that shows the recent posts in the widget
Only one style of recent posts in widget

## TODO
- [ ] Add more styles to widget
  - [x] with Thumbnail (default 100px x 100px) and header at right
  - [ ] with large fluid image, header and excerpt at bottom
  - [ ] Without thumbnails, date as drop cap  
- [x] Add shordcode support for displaying recent posts in the theme code
- [ ] Add shortcode styles
  - [ ] Masonry with large (?) thumbnails
  - [ ] large (?) thumbnails with fixed height and width
  - [ ] large (?) fluid thumbnails with excerpt
  - [x] with Thumbnail (default 100px x 100px) and header at right
  - [x] Without thumbnails, date as drop cap
  - [ ] one column and two column support
- [ ] Add animation for widget

Commit message:

Version 0.3 released
Add shortcode builder in WordPress Backend
Two layouts (basic and overlay) merged into one: layout with adaptive or
fixed fixed width and fluid images
Add one column and two columns support for all layouts

README.md, after:

# WP-Advanced-Recent-Posts
WordPress plugin that shows the recent posts in the widget and in other parts of the your posts or theme code.
License: GPLv2 or later

# Changelog

## 0.3
* Add shortcode builder in WordPress Backend
* Two layouts (basic and overlay) merged into one: layout with adaptive or fixed fixed width and fluid images
* Add one column and two columns support for all layouts

## 0.2
* Add one more widget  - widget with small thumbnails
* Add frontend for shortcode, only 4 styles:
  * Basic layout
  * Fluid images with dark/light overlay
  * Small thumbnails
  * Recent posts without thumbnails, with date as drop cap

## 0.1
* Initial release - only widget that shows the recent posts in the widget
* Only one style of recent posts in widget

## TODO
- [ ] Add more styles to widget:
  - [x] Thumbnail (default 100px x 100px) and header at right
  - [ ] Large fluid image, header and excerpt at bottom
  - [ ] Without thumbnails, date as drop cap  
- [x] Add shordcode support for displaying recent posts in the theme code
- [ ] Add shortcode styles
  - [ ] Masonry style recent posts
  - [ ] Large fluid thumbnails with excerpt
  - [x] With Thumbnail (default 100px x 100px) and header at right
  - [x] Without thumbnails, post date as drop cap
  - [x] One column and two columns support
- [ ] Add animation in the widget
